In `models.charge_generation.dark_current_user_array` (`simple_dark_current.py`), the array passed in via the `.yaml` file is parsed with an existing function called `fpn_from_file()`. This function is actually defined in `models.charge_collection.fixed_pattern_noise.py` and forms part of the functionality used to apply noise to pixels. It would be great to simply call that same main body of functionality for dark current, but we want to apply our changes to the detector charge array, not to the detector pixel array. 

Therefore, I created a new function that lives in the `charge_generation` group that calls the image/array parsing function and applies it to detector charge with `detector.charge.add_charge_array()`.

This is ideologically troublesome because it links sideways and contaminates the cascading organisation of classes and methods. Now, tests that are designed for `charge_collection` will end up indirectly calling the same methods as tests designed for `charge_generation`. While this isn't "clean", it's far better than duplicating or (worse) recreating `fpn_from_file()` somewhere logically closer to where dark current is usually handled.

Better still than anything mentioned yet is to generalise `fpn_from_file()` into a generic array loader function which can exist in a third neutral space. In fact, now I'm looking for it, I've found `pyxel.util.image.load_cropped_and_aligned_image()`, which is exactly what I'm looking for. This is called by `fpn_from_file()` after a few checks, but those checks are also made inside the `util` function. Fantastic, let's stop contaminating and just use that. 