For various reasons, I'm trialling a turn away from Spotify. In its place, I will employ multiple pieces of software, I will own my music library and, overall, end up as a bigger financial contributor to artists I want to support.

To get my music, I will use SoulSeek and Bandcamp. To play my music at home, I will use MusicBee. And to play music on my phone, I will use [Metro](https://github.com/MuntashirAkon/Metro). This is a living document and is subject to change as my process develops.

## Getting the music
SoulSeek is a peer-to-peer file-sharing network. It's free to join and people are generally quite nice. Users are usually avid fans of high-quality lossless audio, but smaller files exist in abundance also. It can be tough to find extremely niche music, but there are users who pride themselves on having extremely rare files. I've been very surprised at times. When you search for things on SoulSeek, it will only return results from computers which are currently on. If someone is sharing a file but their computer isn't on, you'll have no idea it's being shared. If you're set on getting it from SoulSeek, try searching for it a few different times. Oh and other SoulSeek users can be quite particular about you and your settings. If you're not sharing anything, some users will automatically ban you from downloading their files (very few users, but users nonetheless).I'd recommend checking out some tutorials before you get started. My username is FlyFree, feel free to find and add my profile.

Bandcamp is a music sales platform where the artist and label get a huge proportion of the funds (~75%). You can choose your file format, and a lot of the time you can get some very good stuff for quite a small price. If you buy physical items, you almost always will get the digital version, too. Bandcamp Fridays is a regular event (monthly?) where Bandcamp waive their fee, meaning *all* the funds go directly to the artists and label. If you really want something in FLAC and SoulSeek brings you no results, there's nothing stopping you buying it on Bandcamp and start sharing it for all to enjoy. This is piracy. I share all my own music for free.

## Listening to the music
I use [MusicBee](https://getmusicbee.com/) on my desktop to listen to my files in all of their glory. Music will quite often come with incorrect metadata (wrong dates, naïve genres), and MusicBee is a pretty good tool for sorting those out. I have heard of some other more programmatic tools to help with this part, as well as organising the audio files into subdirectories by band and album, etc. I'd definitely recommend doing the best you can to use a directory structure that makes sense to you, but I can't speak for using the more specialised tools. Maybe it's something I'll explore later. 

MusicBee can also sync with other devices. If you plug in your phone and choose a directory (and some other options), you can have all music sent across automatically every time you plug it in. Playlists, podcasts, the whole lot will also sync over, if you ask it to!

> [!knowledge] Make sure to tell it to also delete files from the device that are no longer in your library, otherwise every time you cahnge some metadata, musicBee will recognise that file as a "new" file and add it to your phone. Then you'll have two versions of that file, a correct one and an incorrect one.

Once they're on my phone, I use [Metro](https://github.com/MuntashirAkon/Metro), a free and open-source software (FOSS) version of [Retro Music Player](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=code.name.monkey.retromusic&hl=en). If you know me, you'll know I'm a huge fan of open-source and I try to use FOSS wherever possible. It's [[I want to de-Google|de-googled]] with a few bug fixes sprinkled in for good measure.
## Imperfections
Let's say I'm on the bus and I suddenly remember an album I used to listed to as a child. What do I do? The easy answer would be to load up my ad-free version of YouTube, listen to it, then add it to some sort of list so that, later on, I can download it and sync it to my phone for the next time I want to listen to it. A method that's a bit more involved would be to use Seeker, a mobile SoulSeek client. I could then either use my mobile as a second p2p user or use my mobile to pull only from my main desktop computer (which may not always be online). I think I'll stick with the YouTube solution. If I end up making my own home server, that might change.

Another issue I foresee is Spotify Jams. While I can join a Spotify jam as a free user, I cannot create them. If I'm in a car, either they browse my library and add what they like or they add their phone and begin a jam.

And finally, quite often I'll scroll my playlists for something unique and go on to explore the album it's on. ~~If I use a Spotify to SoulSeek tool, I won't have the album, just the individual track. That's a quality of life change, but still something I'd want long term.~~ Use [slsk-batchdl](https://github.com/fiso64/slsk-batchdl), you can give it Spotify playlists and ask it to download each track and even each album of each track in the playlist. Amazing for converting stuff, but you may end up with a lot of albums you don't particularly care about.