Relax the shoulders, reject the panic. Go calm and collected through the steps you need to take. Stay sharp and don't let the fear dictate your movements. Take your actions with purpose as a counter-measure to pressure, not because of it. 

I've taken this advice to heart both when I'm in a temporary rush (e.g. to catch a bus) and during longer-term goals.

Right now, I'm in the process of [[Defund Tech Giants|rejecting tech giants]] and [[Moving away from Spotify|interacting with technology on my own terms]]. Going voluntarily into big changes all at once almost never works. I much prefer to build on small habits. The benefits come to me naturally and sustain my interest and motivation. I have a goal of [[I want to de-Google|moving away from Google]], but that's a much bigger change for me than Spotify, so I'll do Spotify first and go from there.

My journaling has recently been flourishing because I've started slow. I have a reporters notebook (smaller than the size of my hand) that I've been using to scribble down small ideas, take notes at lectures, or when sharing music and people/places to look up later. When I'm stressed or thinking intently, I can bring up my A5 notebook and flesh out an idea. When something is more polished, I can put it here. My point is that I didn't just suddenly start doing all of this. I had the idea or desire to do it, and then did nothing. Sometimes for a few days, sometimes years. Something clicked and, starting small, I've been able to build some very good habits for myself. They can be built up to be better habits in time. Like they say, "perfect" is the enemy of good. 